                       COMPANY RESOLUTION

Group of professionals come together to establish Inc Company here in America with some of foreigners stakeholders.
This company is full commit on cloud businesses and operating under the full scope of rule and regulation of 
united of America.
Following detail reffers to one of the company App in the pipeline, lunch the Aplication as soon as possible
for consumers satisfaction.
 
Start reaching more customers online.
Set up a free custom website for online
orders. Sell retail products, accept appointment
bookings, or take restaurant orders for
pickup, delivery, or in person via QR codes.

*Save time with tools that connect your entire business.

*Get paid fast from anywhere.
Send professional invoices, track them in real time, and accept payments online—all from one place. Save time with
 auto-billing, stored information, and powerful reporting tools.

*Accept every kind of payment.
Take payments safely and securely, whether you’re selling in person or online.

*Get business insights
from business experts.
Join our email list to receive advice from other business owners, support articles, tips from industry experts, 
and more.

*Virtual Terminal
Take payments over the phone and easy key them in on your cumputer instead of a mobile device.

*Dashboard and Analystics
Run realreports from any device and see how your business is doing from anywhere.
* Retails POS
get the point of sales designed and invertory syncs acrossall your sales

* Appointment POS
Get booking and payment in one APP, Schedule private and remote session while your business is affected by 
social distance or any circumstances

*FOR EVERY BUSINESS
*CHECHOUT 
*POINT OF SALES
*Start selling with our App
Create your free account in minutes and join the millions of businesses using App, Keeping up cash flow
Cash or credit—each has advantages. Which is better for your business?

*The Future of
Retail Report
“Retail has changed rapidly over the last year. But the transformation is giving retailers a chance to slow 
downand invest in doing things smarter across both in-store and online channels. The changes aren’t a way to 
simply make it through — they’re permanent and redefining what a meaningful retail experience can look
 like.”

*91%
of restaurants have made, or plan to make, investments in kitchen automation technology.

62%
of restaurants expect their revenue to come from takeout or delivery in 2021.

58%
of restaurants prefer to use their own app or website for delivery.

88%
of retailers surveyed are now selling online.

66%
of revenue among retailers with a single location, say it now comes from online sales.

40%
of online revenue comes from social selling, for retailers selling on social media.

72%
of consumers prefer delivery over pickup, but only 37% of retailers plan to offer same-day delivery.

*“Scrappiness is in our sellers’ DNA developing this App, we’re expecting more of the same. It will be more
important than ever to find creative ways to meet consumers where they are most comfortable, providing memorable 
experiences, whether it’s in-store, online, curbside, and everywhere in between. Despite the difficult questions 
they face, we have faith that sellers will be able to weather the storm. There is a light at the end of the tunnel.
 One thing is certain: There will be a lot of hard work ahead as small businesses and the communities they serve
 begin to rebuild, and customer service agent  will be there to help.”

